[Music]
having a people were starting to be
warding off with a haircut I did a thing
where I don't get a haircut for 6 7 8
months and then I'm shocked as to why my
hair salon I need a haircut
there's 9 21 have 40 minutes to get down
to Soho I woke up at 7:30 a.m. this
morning who knew that the secret to
being a morning person is just having a
morning person and be here you tend to
just get on the other person schedule
best feature of the Apple watch is when
you have lost your iPhone all you gotta
do is swipe up oh do you hear it sound
sound it's on it's on it we have arrived
in Soho and I forgot my sunnies I can't
see junk can see it's like really shady
outside though well we're in the
Schrader and out God do you see how
funny it is up there do you know how
much I'm going to die up there on it's
differ from one to four probably a three
to four it sounds beautiful displaces
right you make it yesterday to me
forever
so here Sean's getting some coloring I'm
going to cut materials man I'm Madison
Madison I'm never Andrew so I got
connected to her girlfriend Jen who used
to work at a place called KITT KITT comm
it's basically like a storefront for
your Amazon link and now we're here get
me here go well yes
smoking oh I'm so excited but your
tattoo is so phenomenal how long did
that take hours Wow it's not done it's a
cover-up and then I stepped through one
session and then decided I wasn't
really oh no but it's beautiful
okay guys I look really cute right now I
actually decided to get some color this
lo but Thomas JJ I can tell myself like
yu8 I don't paint oh my one baby saying
cuz I want greatness another way got if
you ate I got no patience for all of
these other conversation a perspective
you ain't talking money we I really like
the blue thank you I like your hair
looks really cheesy and I was different
you make caravel here we go
darlin God let you look like a million
bucks another one on my bed I wasn't
really hailing them haha I was for new
york aesthetic you ready yeah I never
make a plan
[Music]
be collocated coming to fashion but for
real guys so we got the hook-up since
the dopest place ever spoken wheel they
were so nice
Madison Andrew thank you I'm really sick
mr. blonde got it short and he she did
keep styled it in a way that I don't
understand but I like it so I'm going to
go watch youtube videos for hours and
hours on how to curl my hair with a
straightening iron you guys don't care
without good luck all Obama's oh I'm
actually very upset that I wasn't able
to do that super sexy hair montage
without my ray-bans because I feel like
you just go up coolness factors when you
have the right man so I'm going to have
to redo that later with the said
sunglasses he helped me out with us look
I got you a 100%
ha
Toby the flame is 100% vegan hi I got a
veggie burger from here I immediately
thought of John
so apparently Kendall Jenner's walked
into the store here's all the people
indulge in your time jindal yeah what
store is that I'll even look for that is
it's amazing but I really don't care
enough it is work to be done
it is crazy though and you're the type
of person where if you just step out and
go shopping like an entire crowd follows
you
it's also not going to that we were 50
feet away potentially from be Kendall
Jenner to be the one annal not only for
the one to one to one
no no my belly is full that was a bad
good I'm not a vegan but it doesn't mean
that I can't enjoy the cuisine I feel
like the best option wherever you go is
going to be like a bean burger patty
with guacamole and red onion and I just
had is good and every restaurant seems
to have that option do you guys like the
hair there's some blonde in there and
apparently it's only going to get
lighter that's a fun new thing to be
excited about honestly I can't believe
our BFF kendall Jenner hit the city
without informing me
I mean that was kind of weird I felt
weird about that John now that we're
here yeah I have my sunglasses can you
help me film a amazing artsy montage
with my new hair and my Ravens yes
because you know
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm really really sorry
for this right now I have been hard at
work at the Cuba edit so I went to Cuba
a couple months ago I came back with a
lot of footage halfway through the trip
I really kind of established what my
vision was for the type of video I
wanted to do and I interviewed a lot of
cool creative people in Cuba and the
goal is to make a documentary around it
but also a documentary that provides the
context of the history of Cuba and like
the political climate and so that that
does take a little bit extra work but I
am also working on a blog that I'm going
to get out to you guys soon but it is
just taking me so long to edit because
there's so much footage but finally I
have a computer that can actually handle
4k footage so at least now I have
actually started the process and I'm
right in the middle I was actually going
to post it tonight when you're seeing
this video but it'll either be out
tomorrow or the next hey just know some
dope video Ness is coming to your face
John do you have anything exciting for
the Peachy fan yes I have been writing
to go oh you know dad but I get up again
you'll never kimi damn oh my god you
angered the dog you angered our
neighbors haha I'm just going to leave
you guys with this fidget on my friends
I want to say thank you again for
watching let me know if you like this
video hit the subscribe button down
below for new videos every single Monday
through Friday every single weekday
night jpg' occupied
Daisy talking to myself like why you age
I don't paint no my wood baby saying cuz
I want greatness
I saw the way got if you age I got no
patience for all of these